How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    - some changes to programs are intentional, some are mistakes. When parts of the code 
 change that weren't supposed to, then you may have found a bug. it's also likely that
 bugs were introduced in parts of the code that changed (assuming it was working before).

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   If you break something, or change an approach to some problem, you have a way
   to go back and review it. To review how you've changed things allows you to
   view your own evolution as a coder.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You know when there are logical breaks in programming or tasks. That way you can
    ensure that your commits make logical sense. Automatically saving keeps you from
    going too long without committing, but the commits will not necessarily have 
    any logical meaning to you. You don't know what happened or was happening during 
    those commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    With git it's based on changing one logical unit, despite how many files it 
    touches. Take the book and chapters example. If you change a characters name that
    is going to be one big change, impacting a lot of chapters. If you wanted to revert 
    back you would prefer to revert everything instead of a file at a time. Also, with
    a program it's a combination of a lot of parts at a moment in time. If I take an 
    old version of a class or function, methods that call it may have changed and those
    changes are now out-of-sync.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will show you all of the commits, git diff plus old and new id’s will show
	all of the changes next to each other. The log will show you all of the history the
	diff will show you all the changes.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you can always fall back into an older version and see where you were and
    what changes you made. You can always GET BACK to where you were and figure out
    where changes might have led you wrong. Would be cool to have a version control in 
    real life so that you could try out different options before committing to something
    and use the life that makes the most sense.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Keeping track fo visual studio or python projects...probably better set up my
    windows environment. most likely will use it from there...
    
B
$
C
#
%
E
